## Seed code - Boilerplate for step 2 - Blog Assignment

### Assignment Step Description

As a second step in building our Blog application, we will create a monolithic application which will be using persistent data storage.
We will use Entity Framework Core for data access.

### Problem Statement

In this case study: Blog Step 2, we will develop a monolithic application that requires us to implement four functionalities as follows:
1. Display the list of existing blogs from the database.
2. Add a new blog
3. Update the existing blog
4. Delete an existing blog.

**Note: For detailed clarity on the class files, kindly go thru the Project Structure**

### Expected solution

A form containing four text fields for PostId,Title,Content,CreatedAt,PublishedAt and Slug and a submit button. Antoher view will be a tabular column with the fields PostId,Title,Content,CreatedAt,PublishedAt and Slug. 
When the user enters the form data and clicks on submit button, it gets stored in the List and later render in tabular column.
 
### Following are the broad tasks:
1. Create a DbContext class for working with EF Core Code First approach.
2. Implement the CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations.
3. Implement the IBlogRepository interface.


### Steps to be followed :

    Step 1: Clone the boilerplate in a specific folder in your local machine.
    Step 2: In BlogPost.cs file (which is considered as Model class), declare all the necessary properties for the blog model.
    Step 3: Read all the methods mentioned in the IBlogRepository interface.       
    Step 4: Provide the implementation for all the methods of IBlogRepository interface in BlogRepository
    Step 5: Run the test cases for BlogRepository class (BlogRepositoryTest.cs)
    Step 6: Define handler methods in BlogController.
    Step 7: Run the testcases for BlogController (BlogControllerTest.cs)
    Step 8: Design a form.
    Step 9: Run the application on a configured web server.


### Project structure

The folders and files you see in this repositories, is how it is expected to be in projects, which are submitted for automated evaluation by Hobbes

    Solution
	|
	├──Blog-Step2
	|	└─Controllers
	|	|	└── BlogPostController.cs 	// This class is used to control all the transactions with the repository.
	|	└─Models
	|	|	└── BlogPost.cs                 // The class will be acting as the data model for the BlogPost data in the table storage. 
	 |   └── BlogContext.cs          		// This class will be acting as DbContext to speak to database in EF Core Code-First. 
	|	└─Repository
	|	|	└── BlogRepository.cs          	// This class contains the code for data interactions and methods of this class will be used 	|   |   |                                                by other parts of the applications such as Controllers and Test Cases               
	|   └── Views							//This folder contains all the views/ui required for the application.
	|
	├──Test
	|	└── BlogRepositoryTest.cs       	// All your test cases are written using XUnit.
	|	└── BlogControllerTest.cs  	 	// This class contaions all the test cases related to Note Controller.
	|
	├── .hobbes              			// Hobbes specific config options, such as type of evaluation schema, type of tech stack etc., Have saved a default values for convenience
	├── .sln			                // This is automatically generated by Visual Studio.
	└── README.md  		            		// This files describes the problem of the assignment/project, you can provide as much as information and clarification you want about the project in this file
> PS: All lint rule files are by default copied during the evaluation process, however, if need to be customized, you should copy from this repo and modify in your project repo


#### To use this as a boilerplate for your new project, you can follow these steps

1. Clone the base boilerplate in the folder **assignment-solution-step2** of your local machine
     
    `git clone https://gitlab.stackroute.in/stack_dotnet_blog/blog-step2-boilerplate.git`

2. Navigate to assignment-solution-step2 folder

    `cd assignment-solution-step2`

3. Remove its remote or original reference

     `git remote rm origin`

4. Create a new repo in gitlab named `assignment-solution-step2` as private repo

5. Add your new repository reference as remote

     `git remote add origin https://gitlab.stackroute.in/{{yourusername}}/assignment-solution-step2.git`

     **Note: {{yourusername}} should be replaced by your username from gitlab**

5. Check the status of your repo 
     
     `git status`

6. Use the following command to update the index using the current content found in the working tree, to prepare the content staged for the next commit.

     `git add .`
 
7. Commit and Push the project to git

     `git commit -a -m "Initial commit | or place your comments according to your need"`

     `git push -u origin master`

8. Check on the git repo online, if the files have been pushed

### Important instructions for Participants
> - We expect you to write the assignment on your own by following through the guidelines, learning plan, and the practice exercises
> - The code must not be plagirized, the mentors will randomly pick the submissions and may ask you to explain the solution
> - The code must be properly indented, code structure maintained as per the boilerplate and properly commented
> - Follow through the problem statement shared with you

### MENTORS TO BEGIN REVIEW YOUR WORK ONLY AFTER ->
> - You add the respective Mentor as a Reporter/Master into your Assignment Repository
> - You have checked your Assignment on the Automated Evaluation Tool - Hobbes (Check for necessary steps in your Boilerplate - README.md file. ) and got the required score - Check with your mentor about the Score you must achieve before it is accepted for Manual Submission.
> - Intimate your Mentor on Slack and/or Send an Email to learner.support@stackroute.in - with your Git URL - Once you done working and is ready for final submission.